README.md, before:

# dividend-tracker
A (currently terminal-based) dividend tracker application.

## Description
With this application, you'll be able to enter every dividend transaction that you've received. The application will keep a database on your local computer with all these transcation. The application will (hopefully) be able to give you all sort of overviews and insights in your dividend income.

## How to use it?
When you clone the repository to your local machine, you can run the application by opening the folder with your CMD and running the command "make dividend-tracker". This command will build the application and start it. If you want to delete the application (keep in mind that this will also delete your database), you should run the commmand "make clean". To run the application if you have already build the application, you can run the command "./build/dividend-tracker.exe".

Also feel free to use this application and code however you want!

## Working progress
Please keep in mind that this is still an application that is under heavy development. If you do find any bugs or have any remarks, you can always contact me via email "tuur.mellaerts1@hotmail.be".

Commit message:

Added extra information to use application

README.md, after:

# dividend-tracker
A (currently terminal-based) dividend tracker application.

## Description
With this application, you'll be able to enter every dividend transaction that you've received. The application will keep a database on your local computer with all these transcation. The application will (hopefully) be able to give you all sort of overviews and insights in your dividend income.

## How to use it?
When you clone the repository to your local machine, you can run the application by opening the folder with your CMD and running the command "make dividend-tracker". This command will build the application and start it. If you want to delete the application (keep in mind that this will also delete your database), you should run the commmand "make clean". To run the application if you have already build the application, you can run the command "./build/dividend-tracker.exe".

### Be aware!
You only have to build the application once. After that you only need to run the application. 

## LICENSE
Also feel free to use this application and code however you want!

## Working progress
Please keep in mind that this is still an application that is under heavy development. If you do find any bugs or have any remarks, you can always contact me via email "tuur.mellaerts1@hotmail.be".
